[Yamato] Getting ready
for the storm?
Man. This little guy
really likes you, Mei.
I didn't think anyone
saw me out here, yanno,
this part of the courtyard
being so far away.
Well, I saw you just fine.
Your hair seems a little
frizzier than usual today.
It must be the rain.
I should get it cut soon.
Can I go with you?!
Oh? Huh?
Today I, Mei Tachibana,
am quite flustered.
I'm about to go out with a boy
for the very first time...
in my life. Oh my god.
Late, Tachibana?
That's not a good way to start.
It takes a lot of nerve to run
twenty minutes late for our
first date without
calling me, yanno.
Whatever.
We're going to the
salon, not dating.
Of course this is a date.
[Mei] Honestly, it's not
that I don't want to go
on a date with him...
I actually did worry
about what to wear...
This? Or maybe this...
No, I don't want to go out
there looking too dressed up.
Where are you off to?
[Mei] Uh, the salon.
[Ms. Tachibana] My goodness.
Why would you get all dressed up
for something like a haircut?
Now wait a minute! Mei-chan!
You've got a date!
No, I'm just going to the
salon. Stop dancing like that!
You go girl!
But, it's... I said
it's not really... Mom!
I swore to myself that
this isn't a date,
which is why when
I chose my outfit,
I ended up with this.
Look at that. We're
even dressed alike.
Looks like we have the
same taste in clothes.
That's pretty cool.
Oh, hey! Nakanishi just
told me that he and Asami
just started going out.
Oh. I'm glad.
He said it was thanks to you.
I didn't do anything really.
[Yamato] Nakanishi
called you amazing.
You know something?
I'm happy for him. Now.
We need to get to the salon.
Now? We can go later.
Unless you have an appointment?
I don't, but...
Then let's have some fun first.
We can go to the
salon later, 'kay?
Yeah, sure.
[Yamato] Where should we go?
A movie? Karaoke?
N-Nowhere behind closed
doors, got it?!
[Yamato] Why not?
[Mei] Well, because...
Ha, don't worry about that.
I won't do anything
besides kiss you anyway.
[Mei] Say what?!
[Girl 1] Hey, that
guy is super hot!
[Girl 2] Totally hot!
I bet he's a model.
[Girl 1] Should we talk to him?
[Girl 2] He's with a girl.
[Girl 1] There's no way
she's his girlfriend.
[Girl 2] Well, let's
try talking to him then!
[Talent Scout] Excuse me,
do you have a moment?
Sorry to spring this on
you, but I work for a
talent agency and I was-
[Yamato] I'm not interested
in that kind of thing. Sorry.
[Girl 3] Check him out.
[Girl 4] He's so handsome.
Mei, is something wrong?
No, I was just wondering if
this is the way people
always act around you.
Huh?
[Mei] Getting scouted...
Girls just walking
up to you like that.
Uuuh... The talent scout?
That was the first time
I ever spoke to one.
The girls come onto
me quite a bit.
Are you sure you want me
hanging around with you?
It must be embarrassing
to be seen with me.
Mei-san, do I look
that shallow to you?
I really don't know
what to think. It's a
lot for me to take in.
I see.
Let's act more like
a couple, okay?
I mean, we're on a date, and we
don't need anymore distractions.
[Mei] But we haven't
started dating...
[Yamato] Sure we have.
You're my girlfriend now.
[Mei] I thought holding
someone's hand wasn't as
big a deal as kissing, but...
As our hands touched,
I could feel his warmth
in a different way,
but it made my heart
pound just as hard.
I really didn't know another
person's touch could be so
warm, and comforting.
It was nice.
[Masashi] Yamato!
It is you.
You're with Tachibana?
[Yamato] Hey, Masashi.
Aiko-chan.
You guys make an odd
couple, you know that?
[Yamato] First date.
No way?!
Well uh, we just...
Me and Aiko we're about to
head to the bowling alley.
You wanna come with?
[Yamato] Should we?
[Mei] I really need to
get my hair cut.
[Aiko] Come with us.
We have extra coupons.
It'll be a lot more
fun with four.
Alright.
[Yamato] You sure?
[Mei] Yeah.
[Masashi] The teams are
gonna be me and Aiko against
Yamato and Tachibana!
You're on!
[Aiko] Why the hell would
Yamato choose someone
like Tachibana?
What's so good about her?
Pins. Your days are numbered.
You suck.
[Yamato laughs] You're up, Mei.
[Mei] O-okay.
[Yamato] I got your back,
so just do your best.
This is the first time I've
seen Tachibana even move.
I bet she's lousy at sports.
[Aiko] A-A strike?!
[Yamato] That was awesome, Mei!
[Masashi] Who are you?!
[Yamato] You're good at bowling?
I bowled a little once in a
while when I was younger.
Is that what you
see... Kurosawa?
[Yamato] That's awesome!
Incredible!
Three strikes in a row!
I was lucky.
No one gets lucky three times!
[Yamato] Now punch it in!
[Masashi] Aiko, I think you and
I are gonna lose real bad.
Yeah!
[Aiko] What the hell?
Yamato looks like he's
really having fun.
The boy looks smitten...
with Tachibana no less.
But I'm head over
heels for you, Aiko!
[Aiko] Hearing that does
not make me happy.
Ack!
[Aiko] This is annoying.
Tachibana.
Let's hit the soda machine.
So tell me, did you call
Yamato or did he call you?
Why are you guys out today?
I didn't ask him.
When I told him I needed
to go the salon today,
he just kind of invited
himself along, yanno.
He invited himself?
Aren't you guys already
dating or something?
Kurosawa-kun is trying to
tell me that we are, but...
I don't know what it means
to dating someone yet.
It's so new to me.
Okay, Tachibana. Do you
like Yamato, or don't you?
I guess.
[Aiko] You guess, huh?
Let me tell you something.
There are girls that would
kill to be in your place.
There are girls that would just
love to hang around with Yamato.
He's fawning all over you and
you're guessing and trying
to make up your mind?
So answer me this.
Why would he choose
you over someone he's
already had sex with?
So, if you're not sure about
him, stop wasting his time.
[Yamato] Where's Mei?
[Aiko] No clue.
Uh, Mei!
You're up next, okay?
[Yamato] Get us
another strike, Mei!
Mei?
[Mei] I'm going home.
Hey! Mei!
Let her go. Stay and hang out
with me and Masashi, okay?
Look, Aiko. I'm with
Mei today, alright?
Sorry.
Mei!
So, Aiko-chan. If you're
not angry anymore...
I'm gettin' kind of
hungry over here.
Really not up for it.
I know you still
like him and all,
but you've got me.
No way. I'm not letting that
mousey little thing beat me.
You're talking about Tachibana?
[Aiko] What's so good about
that ugly, loudmouthed bitch
who didn't even try?
I'd do anything for the
man that I love. Anything.
[Girl 1] Aiko, are you ready?
Sorry, I have a
date with my guy.
[Girl 2] Oh?
Lucky.
[Girl 1] So introduce
him to us next time.
[Aiko] With my last boyfriend,
I devoted my time and money to
become the girl of his dreams.
I bought all the makeup
and pills I could to
improve my looks.
But the harder I tried,
the more I realized
it'd never be enough.
In my pursuit of a quick fix,
I ruined my skin.
[Yamato] You don't need
all that make-up, Aiko.
You sure are putting in
a lot of work for that
boyfriend of yours.
[Aiko] It was the first time in
my life someone complimented
my natural looks.
Yamato saw me for
who I really was.
I liked it. That's why...
When I found out my boyfriend
had cheated on me...
Yamato!
I can't take it anymore!
I want to die!
I tried so hard, but...
I'll never be as cute as
other girls! I look stupid!
How can you say that?
Then have sex with me!
Please, Yamato!
I took advantage of
Yamato's kindness.
I lost weight for Yamato.
44 pounds in two months.
I just wanted to be beautiful.
And I will not accept that he
would be with someone who wants
to pussyfoot around him and
not put in the work it takes.
I thought I'd find you here.
Did Aiko say something to you?
Why would he choose
you over someone he's
already had sex with?
[Mei] I don't understand
you, Kurosawa-kun.
We're just too different.
[Yamato] That's not true.
[Mei] He likes you.
He got scared and ran
away a couple of times,
but after a couple visits,
he finally warmed up to me.
Mei-san. Can I show
you something?
[Yamato] And we're here!
[Mei] What is this place?
[Yamato] My middle school.
Takes me back!
I put a hole in this
wall, with my fist.
I guess you could say
I was pretty wild.
Back in the day, I really
wasn't that nice. It bugs me.
My class at school was full
of fighting and bullying.
Worried that I might end
up a target, I kept a close
eye on everyone around me.
Making sure I wasn't the
next guy to get hit.
I was like a chameleon.
I did my best to blend
in with my surroundings,
doing and saying what
I needed to stay safe.
One day, my best friend became
the bullies' next target.
Around the other kids, I ignored
him like everyone else.
Secretly, though,
we'd meet up to talk.
I had some nerve acting
like a real friend to him.
Even then, one day he came to
me, with his face covered in
bruises and he said,
"I wanted to thank you for
talking to me, Kurosawa-kun."
But the next day, he
transferred schools.
I never really did anything
that truly helped him.
Damn!
Damn! Damn!
Damn it!
I never felt so useless.
Mei, I know you think
we're worlds apart,
but the truth is I...
The truth is...
Even now in high school,
I'm still blending
in with the crowd.
I'm still no good to anyone.
It isn't that at all.
From what I've seen,
people seem to be naturally
attracted to you, you know.
[Yamato] Sure, to my looks.
[Mei] Oh, come on!
[Mei] You just can't get a
friendship with your looks.
There's faith, and
trust, and work too.
So now you're telling
me to trust people?
Because you taught me to
think that way, Kurosawa-kun.
I never thought I'd
say this, but...
Little by little, bit by bit,
I want to start trusting people.
Know what I think?
You're pretty strong.
And because of that, people
don't push you around.
I really like that.
Mei, I...
I fell in love with you
the moment you kicked me.
I bet I seem a lot
less cool now.
You've shown me your
vulnerability, Kurosawa-kun.
To someone like me, that's cool.
You know Mei,
this might not be the
right time, but...
Can I kiss you?
[Mei] Sure.
[Mei] I know it
seems strange...
but I was terrified of being
alone with him this morning,
but now it feels
so comfortable.
[Mei] I can't go get
my hair cut now.
[Yamato] It looks
better long anyway.
[Mei] Then maybe
I won't cut it...
[Yamato] Really?
[Mei] I-I haven't decided yet!
Well, I don't think you need to.
It's cute the way it is.
[Mei] If you give
people your trust...
If you associate with people...
You're going to have problems
you don't have when you stay in
your shell and don't come out.
Just like I have my wounds,
I learned that Kurosawa-kun
has his, too.
So instead of hiding in my
shell, I'm going to stand up...
and face them.
[Masashi] Aiko?
[Aiko] I am not...
letting it end like this.
My first time experiencing the
warmth of someone's hand was
so nice and reassuring.
I hope I can truly come to
understand how wonderful it
can be to actually
connect with others.
[Marshmellow] Keep your
hands off my Mei,
Yamato Kurosawa. Meow.